Ev’ry day brings decisions,
and we must choose
How will we spend our time
and live for the truth.
Now, there’s a time to laugh
and be with our friends,
But it can’t be all
we’re living for in the end.
We need to set time aside
for what’s most important—
Prayer, study,
and godly devotion.
Make Jehovah real,
’cause that’s really what matters.
Throw off those things
pulling us down.
Think about the future
and where we are now.
Let nothing take the place
of more important things.
Life sure can weigh us down
with bills to pay.
It can make us lose sight
and misplace our faith.
But our fam’ly needs us
back at home.
And if we want to be there to help
and watch them grow—
We need to set time aside
for what’s most important—
Prayer, study,
and godly devotion.
Make Jehovah real,
’cause that’s really what matters.
Throw off those things
pulling us down.
Think about the future
and where we are now.
Let nothing take the place
of more important things.
We need to set time aside
for what’s most important—
Prayer, study,
and godly devotion.
Make Jehovah real,
’cause that’s really what matters.
Throw off those things
pulling us down.
Think about the future
and where we are now.
Let nothing take the place
of more important things.